update finnaly done! ai turned out to be useless...

anyway, new todo:
we gotta add artists
and also playlists
yeah

Once we add playlists i'll implement radio playlists, and stuff like that
For now, a good warmup would be adding a 'downloads' page. That would be basically how a playlist page would look like, but it's using existing data and not that many new methods. Then I can start adding playlists.

Playlists would be stored in a sqlite database, so i'll need to start adding database stuff (finnaly, state will be kept between appliation launches)

So, the next update should be (Alpha Release 1)
Playlists (local only for now)
Download page - Started on this, we have a basic model and downloads displayed on home page
Liked songs (pretty easy now that we have a database) - Done! and the database is in place too (1/12/26)
Add right click context menu!! (functions like add song to be next in queue, add to playlist, download, like, etc)

Next+1 update: (Alpha Release 2)
Remote playlist support
Radio playlist support
Some type of stats storage? like logging each listen and stuff like that
* video support (we techincally already support videos, just unblock them from search, but like actual support for them)

Next+2 update: (Alpha Release 3)
Home page!
With radio playlist support, and stats support we can start to do basic reccomandation stuff based off of past listening history
This means adding a home page with quick picks, keep listening, similar tos, etc etc

Next+3 update: (Alpha Release 4)
We combine it all together, and add artist support
Artists have albums (done), songs (done), playists (will be done) Then the app will feel way more useable!

Next+4: (Alpha Release 5)
Login, just add the ability to login in general

future:
Polish login. This will mean updating the home page too with actual ytm reccomendations
Notifications! Notify on new artist releases and such (for subscribed and auto-subscribed artists)
we should really make the playing status more apperent. We have all these new states, but none of them are rep'ed in the ui.


note on release names:
So we're using semver for releases, but that's not going to be the public 'marketing' name of the release.
Since we're in alpha, we're going to use 'Alpha Release X' as the public name for releases until we hit 1.0.0
Then it's just Clarity Release 1